there's a little speech with which I'd
like to start the following extract and
since I know that there are a lot of more or less
young people who watch my videos and such, I'm
going to tell you something to see if you
pay more attention to me okay parents
Generally, fathers and mothers, generally,
the most common thing okay, there are strange cases there are
cases of parents who are worse off than their
children, there are cases of parents who are not
even good No, but in
normal families that don't have any kind of
problem, like a thousand problems that
exist no, normally parents your
father and your mother are the ones who are going to love you the most
in life, more than yourself your
father and your mother are going to look out for your well-being
more than yourself When we are young
we are idiots I was an idiot not
only being young even
today I still learn things but The
younger we are normally the
more idiotic we want to be cool we
want to follow trends we want to act
cool we think we are when I was
young I often got angry because of the
advice my mother gave me uncle and
then it gives me a lot of anger that always
as life goes on You have to
go proving your mother right
My mother told me boom my mother told me
Put it my mother Advised me Put it in your
mouth Now I understand why my mother
suffered that night boom the [ __ ] mouth you
screw yourself And that's how it is and
your youtuber is telling you and your mother tells you something she's
not telling you to screw up your
plan for the night or she's not
telling you to screw you or to be your
mother she's telling you something She's
telling you for your own good we don't get into
topics of Ah it's that you won't let me get
a tattoo she won't let me shave my head
nonsense I'm not talking about things in
life okay life advice don't
[ __ ] with me your mother has made you understand I do
n't know how many times rum away Run away
my son Get away from there Get away from there
my son when they're fuming at you
next year we'll support you karcher but
run away you're still on time run away I do
n't know if this is the mother's click Yes
Lola Indigo would have sat on
my legs I would have gone along with it
and if I had  taken out to twerk
would have twerked Sorry but the
show must go on
Long live your mother, long live Now I understand the
[ __ ] trucks let's see my son of
my life how many months have you been with your girlfriend
caramelito how many months have you been with your
girlfriend for your
knees to feel good Lola indigo and you forgot to cut your
hands because you didn't even want to touch her
grab the waist damn get up behind you
and twerk her you're in
Mexico my son of my life the girlfriend who
asks you for a divorce that's why I'm at
an event and Paula Echevarría does that
to me and Lorena applauds me the
first thing that shows one that is
life man and I was in note scared and
they were notes scared
[Music]
that are things that you have to learn in
life I mean no matter how much you tell
the guy these are things that he has to
learn in life and my husband we
wouldn't have stayed or anything Take what I
just said that the husband is going to get angry man
David Bisbal comes to him  my
wife and he does a dance for him I dance damn
damn he's going to get mad about it toxic
jealous whoever gets mad about it because he
feels inferior and is afraid you have to have a
good time from time to time and one
thing is serious another thing is
a joke because my wife would have understood
is that she gives herself to the spectacle
to my husband Well you take him or rather let's
see because she takes him if she wants I also
say that he's my son that you're scared
that you're a fresh cheese my son
still and now all this comes because
yes I can even understand myself I
can even allow and let it
go that the kid is
a fresh cheese and
with the girlfriend what pissed me off the most and this has
really pissed me off This has
really pissed me off is the betrayal that
carches has done to auronplay
one thing that you have a more or
less toxic girlfriend And that influences you in your
life but one thing that influences you
in your life and when you're losing
everything is when you start to lose
friends who have done
something for you and when  you start to
harm even your work by being
a wimp that's when
the lights have to go on for you about the damage that
a toxic person by your side can do to you I
'm going to put some clips of how
auronplay auronplay I'm going to say it
too
auronplay it hurts whoever it hurts
number one on all platforms
Look how auronplay addressed
karches on several occasions okay And
carché well the fact is that he's very tall and now
he's lost a lot of weight karcher sucked his
face in a son of a [ __ ] way he says that he
only eats salads because he likes them and me
Ah Well very well I
told him I say Hey carché I say you You
've lost weight I don't say I notice your face you
jerk off [ __ ] and he told me he's
gotten into eating salads with bonito
which is a fish and I
say that he likes that he eats salad
because he likes them and I well well well Hey
if you like them keep going he's
become addicted to salad and
of course he's losing weight but
well Hey if he looks good then
great how glad I am that karcher
has gotten to where he is  eh I'm really
happy my birthday today was very
good How happy I am a
gift for a tasty little old man
how happy I am how happy I am that
Carché has gotten where he is eh We
can really find a thousand clips like this
in fact Karime I don't know if you have it on hand I'm
sure if I ask you you'll find it
a click that we saw two weeks ago
just in which Carché said I am
who I am thanks to Auronplay And if I
have to suck his dick I'll suck it as much as it takes
Karché said that
literally two weeks ago man two
weeks ago we heard it here on Javier
canijo two [ __ ] weeks ago
today Carches at his worst you with
his with those same followers that
your girlfriend is taking advantage of now too This
is what you've gotten wet for him a
very very complicated subject from a person who is
very close to me agreed and I
am not an issue that I am authorized as
such to talk about I do not consider myself an
authorized person to talk about the subject
in a way without informing myself well and without
finding out everything well what
I do tell you is there are things that fall
by their own  weight and I for now if
things don't change or the
current panorama changes I'll tell you Here in
confidence to the few who are here
with me I am this situation continues like this it wo
n't change for when they announce the
participants of the squid games if everything
remains exactly the same as it is right
now I will not participate in the
squid games okay for now how the
panorama is okay I will let you know so it does
n't catch you by surprise this is a
friend this is a friend Who you have to be
grateful for what you do today
This is a friend instead of helping to
get ahead in the [ __ ] series that can't
go on because of what they're doing to it
this is what you're going to come out and say
karcher you never a friend you have been a
quicksilver swimsuit what has
changed karcher for you to
say this before I process a love and an
admiration for work an incredible end and
at the end of the day things as they are I have a
career in internet for audio
probably the merle line is red the
ass who wouldn't do it if at the
end of the day you work  of what you want
Thanks to him
or done After all, a person who
has treated me well without even
needing to do so that I Auron
invites me to whatever he invites me to I'm going to say
yes I'm going to say yes But
why is that because it is the enormous respect
that I have towards him the enormous affection
that I have towards him and everything that I owe him
in my life towards him whatever it takes I
go with him
To the end to the end it's like that and
for example one of the reasons why
I also have a very
great loyalty to infames is Auron Auron And
perchita yes I tell you completely
seriously I tell you completely
seriously it is like that false traitor traitor there are
great streamers who owe
nothing to Auron and publicly they have
at least given him the benefit of the doubt you are
someone Thanks to the fact that he trusted you and
at his first setback you sentence him and
disassociate yourself I have said live that it
seems like a slip to apply in
any way public regarding the subject
How that
how is a slip to apply in
any way  you don't have to support
what auron and Beijing were doing in 2013 to
lend a hand uncle scavenger scavenger
[Applause]
[Music]
one more famous content creator who
hits on a girl who's 10 years older than me
and I'll shoot myself in the [ __ ] I don't know much
more and I hide in bed and I won't go out
for a week the thing with
auron is that it's not a community it's an
army man they're armed those [ __ ]
are crazy platinum percentage that he doesn't give a
damn about his life four balls they're going to
harass you and they're going to tell you
stupid things and harassers the Auro fan
eh They are
normal harassers it's normal that to be honest auron
has the ability to ruin the life of
anyone who isn't eBay Greg
or someone really important you know what
a person who more or less values ​​​​what
they do for you and not be a wimp
and a Cook you know what karchers would do
instead of leaving the squid games what you
should do  shut
your girlfriend up about the things she's
saying about your friend or supposed friend the one who
gave you what you have today no, in
fact she's also grown with
those followers because she was crazy to
announce that she was with you and the same
day she announced that she was with you she grew I do
n't remember if it was 40,000 or
50,000 followers and now you let
your girlfriend be saying like this about your
friend at least shut up at least
the minimum now out of shame dude at
least shut up and or he doesn't have a
completely mental steel and he raises a
barbarity to everything let's be honest I
hope that when Auron and Sara come back
at least take the masks into account
at least take
the masks into account because dude you don't deserve even
one of the followers you have
because of the guy because at least you should have
shut up no longer you don't even want to
run because you're a coward okay but
at least don't go out and say that you're
unlinked from the scripts at least do
n't let your girlfriend start talking
bad about him  that she has given you everything man at
least eh At least I think that would be
the most logical thing to do and then what you
see but man at least at
least at the very least shut up and ask your
girlfriend that I'm not saying it in a
sexist way that you shouldn't let your
girlfriend talk no but she's taking me to my partner if you
're talking about a person who has
given me so much I say please do it
for me, I mean because I'm not telling you not to take a
position eh Don't be mistaken that
many times it seems to me a
logical position not to want to take a position when it's
an issue that can screw you over or it's an issue
that can hurt you or it's an issue that such
Hey when this happens I'm not going to give my opinion on this issue
When this happens then
they'll get it together it has happened to me not
wanting to take a position but from there to your
girlfriend supporting the accusation of
grooming since your girlfriend is saying
nonsense and then you come out and
say I'm disassociating myself from the skis until
everything is clarified they shouldn't
even invite you to these  scripts nor to the
following nor to anything else you should lose
absolutely all the followers that it has
given you now
[Music]